What are you doing? Studying at such a big school,
What should I do with this animation alone?
Just for the sake of union,
You just ruined yourself like this.
I said loudly that you are not a parent.
You don’t know me, so why are you torturing yourself like this now for this broken spirit?
Please stop torturing yourself, okay?
I am slightly overwhelmed
But this daughter
sorry
I can’t let go of the memories
It’s fatal that I can’t practice against you
Just continue until Im dead
Not looking for the doubts of an old person
I cant bear to hear that the young master is so troubled
Master, if you really want to help me
The further away the better in the future
I will be punished by the master again